[ty] implement `TypedDict` structural assignment (#21467)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/typed_dict.md

different codepaths, so we need test all the permutations:

```py
from typing import Any
from typing_extensions import ReadOnly

class RequiredMutableInt(TypedDict):
    x: int

class RequiredReadOnlyInt(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[int]

class NotRequiredMutableInt(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[int]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyInt(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[int]]

class RequiredMutableBool(TypedDict):
    x: bool

class RequiredReadOnlyBool(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[bool]

class NotRequiredMutableBool(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[bool]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyBool(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[bool]]

_: RequiredMutableInt = RequiredMutableInt(x=1)
_: RequiredMutableInt = RequiredReadOnlyInt(x=1)  # error: [invalid-assignment]
_: RequiredMutableInt = NotRequiredMutableInt(x=1)  # error: [invalid-assignment]
_: RequiredMutableInt = NotRequiredReadOnlyInt(x=1)  # error: [invalid-assignment]
_: RequiredMutableInt = RequiredMutableBool(x=True)  # error: [invalid-assignment]
_: RequiredMutableInt = RequiredReadOnlyBool(x=True)  # error: [invalid-assignment]
_: RequiredMutableInt = NotRequiredMutableBool(x=True)  # error: [invalid-assignment]

> _: RequiredMutableInt = NotRequiredReadOnlyBool(x=True)  # error: [invalid-assignment]

Reviewer: nit: all of your tests for assignability appear to be of this form, which are sort-of "integration tests" for assignability -- they test the _effect_ of one `TypedDict` being (not) assignable to another, rather than directly testing that one `TypedDict` is (not) assignable to the other. Integration tests like that are useful, but our "usual style" for this kind of test is to write it more as a "unit test", and directly assert that one type is not assignable to another type using our `ty_extensions` helper functions `static_assert`, `is_assignable_to` and `is_subtype_of`. For example: https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/blob/665f68036c33301c6d60801b309def48cb3c8894/crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/protocols.md?plain=1#L583-L622

As well as being more in line with our "usual style" elsewhere, I'd find it more readable if your tests took this form. Lastly, it would also allow you to explicitly test subtyping as well as assignability (I don't _think_ you have any tests for subtyping yet?).

Author: I've replaced actual assignments with `is_assignable_to` in most but not all cases (and added `is_subclass_of` in some). Let me know how the current balance feels :)

`A`, then it must be not-required in `B` also (because `A` allows the caller to `del` that key).
These rules cover keys that are explicitly marked `NotRequired`, and also all the keys in a
`TypedDict` with `total=False`.

```py
from typing_extensions import NotRequired

class Spy(TypedDict):
    name: NotRequired[str]

# invalid because `Spy` might be missing `name`
static_assert(not is_assignable_to(Spy, Person))

# invalid because `Spy` is allowed to delete `name`, while `Person` is not
static_assert(not is_assignable_to(Person, Spy))

class Amnesiac(TypedDict, total=False):
    name: ReadOnly[str]

# invalid because `Amnesiac` might be missing `name`
static_assert(not is_assignable_to(Amnesiac, Person))

# Allowed. `Amnesiac` can't delete `name`, because it's read-only.
static_assert(is_assignable_to(Person, Amnesiac))
```

If an item in `A` (the destination `TypedDict` type) is read-only, then the corresponding item in
`B` can have any assignable type. But if the item in `A` is mutable, the item type in `B` must match
exactly. The required and not-required cases are different codepaths, so we need test all the
permutations:

```py

> from typing import Any

Reviewer 2: We import `Any` here, but it doesn't seem to be used in this block of tests.

I think we should add some tests with typeddicts with `Any` typed field(s), showing how that impacts subtyping and assignability. Assignability should be forgiving (as shown in the comment above); subtyping should be strict.

static_assert(is_assignable_to(Amnesiac, Person))

# Allowed. `Amnesiac` can't delete `name`, because it's read-only.
static_assert(is_assignable_to(Person, Amnesiac))
```

If an item in `A` (the destination `TypedDict` type) is read-only, then the corresponding item in
`B` can have any assignable type. But if the item in `A` is mutable, the item type in `B` must match
exactly. The required and not-required cases are different codepaths, so we need test all the
permutations:

```py
from typing import Any
from typing_extensions import ReadOnly

class RequiredMutableInt(TypedDict):
    x: int

class RequiredReadOnlyInt(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[int]

class NotRequiredMutableInt(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[int]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyInt(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[int]]

class RequiredMutableBool(TypedDict):
    x: bool

class RequiredReadOnlyBool(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[bool]

class NotRequiredMutableBool(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[bool]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyBool(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[bool]]

static_assert(is_assignable_to(RequiredMutableInt, RequiredMutableInt))
static_assert(is_subtype_of(RequiredMutableInt, RequiredMutableInt))

> static_assert(is_assignable_to(RequiredReadOnlyInt, RequiredMutableInt))  # error: [static-assert-error]

Author: oof, you can see where I was coming from tho right :-D

`B` can have any assignable type. But if the item in `A` is mutable, the item type in `B` must be
"consistent", i.e. both assignable-to and assignable-from. (For fully-static types, consistent is
the same as equivalent.) The required and not-required cases are different codepaths, so we need
test all the permutations:

```py
from typing import Any
from typing_extensions import ReadOnly

class RequiredMutableInt(TypedDict):
    x: int

class RequiredReadOnlyInt(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[int]

class NotRequiredMutableInt(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[int]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyInt(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[int]]

class RequiredMutableBool(TypedDict):
    x: bool

class RequiredReadOnlyBool(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[bool]

class NotRequiredMutableBool(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[bool]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyBool(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[bool]]

class RequiredMutableAny(TypedDict):
    x: Any

class RequiredReadOnlyAny(TypedDict):
    x: ReadOnly[Any]

class NotRequiredMutableAny(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[Any]

class NotRequiredReadOnlyAny(TypedDict):
    x: NotRequired[ReadOnly[Any]]

> # fmt: off

Reviewer: Editing -- yes. Reading -- I disagree. But I also don't feel strongly; don't feel you need to change this just to keep me happy :-)

c: C = {"x": 1, "y": "hello"}
a: A = a_from_b(b_from_c(c))
a["y"] = 42
```

If the additional, optional item in the target is read-only, the requirements are *somewhat*
relaxed. In this case, because the source might contain have undeclared extra items of any type, the
target item must be assignable from `object`:

```py
from typing_extensions import ReadOnly

class A2(TypedDict):
    x: int
    y: NotRequired[ReadOnly[object]]

def a2_from_b(b: B) -> A2:
    return b  # allowed

class A3(TypedDict):
    x: int
    y: NotRequired[ReadOnly[int]]  # not assignable from `object`

def a3_from_b(b: B) -> A3:
    return b  # error: [invalid-return-type]
```

## Structural assignability supports `TypedDict`s that contain other `TypedDict`s

```py
from typing_extensions import TypedDict, ReadOnly, NotRequired

class Inner1(TypedDict):
    name: str

class Inner2(TypedDict):
    name: str

class Outer1(TypedDict):
    a: Inner1
    b: ReadOnly[Inner1]
    c: NotRequired[Inner1]
    d: ReadOnly[NotRequired[Inner1]]

class Outer2(TypedDict):
    a: Inner2
    b: ReadOnly[Inner2]
    c: NotRequired[Inner2]
    d: ReadOnly[NotRequired[Inner2]]

def _(o1: Outer1, o2: Outer2):
    _: Outer1 = o2

>     _: Outer2 = o1

Reviewer: nit: I'd personally find these more readable if we used the `static_assert(is_assignable_to(...))` pattern here

```

This also extends to gradual types:

```py
from typing import Any

class Inner3(TypedDict):
    name: Any

class Outer3(TypedDict):
    a: Inner3
    b: ReadOnly[Inner3]
    c: NotRequired[Inner3]
    d: ReadOnly[NotRequired[Inner3]]

class Outer4(TypedDict):
    a: Any
    b: ReadOnly[Any]
    c: NotRequired[Any]
    d: ReadOnly[NotRequired[Any]]

def _(o1: Outer1, o2: Outer2, o3: Outer3, o4: Outer4):
    _: Outer1 = o3
    _: Outer1 = o4

    _: Outer2 = o3
    _: Outer2 = o4

    _: Outer3 = o1
    _: Outer3 = o2
    _: Outer3 = o3
    _: Outer3 = o4

    _: Outer4 = o1
    _: Outer4 = o2
    _: Outer4 = o3

>     _: Outer4 = o4

Reviewer: same here

    reveal_type(p | p)  # revealed: Person
    reveal_type(e | e)  # revealed: Employee

>     # EXPERIMENT: Simplification of TypedDicts in Unions is disabled.

Reviewer 2: I would probably keep this as a TODO:
```suggestion
    # TODO: Should be `Person`; simplifying TypedDicts in Unions is pending better cycle handling
```
